Amazon SQS / AWSO 2.6.0 (early Apr 2023) (#966)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/amazon-aws/sqs.md

## Field in Field Schema

> Log in to Sumo Logic, go to **Manage Data** > **Logs** > **Fields**. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Fields#manage-fields).

Author: This is a link to our legacy docs -- replace with current version

> Log in to Sumo Logic, go to **Manage Data** > **Logs** > **Fields**. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Fields#manage-fields).

Author: ```suggestion
Log in to Sumo Logic, go to **Manage Data** > **Logs** > **Fields**. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](/docs/manage/fields/#manage-fields).
```

## Field Extraction Rule(s)

> Create a Field Extraction Rule for CloudTrail Logs. Learn how to create a Field Extraction Rule [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Field-Extractions/Create-a-Field-Extraction-Rule).

Author: ```suggestion
Create a Field Extraction Rule for CloudTrail Logs. Learn how to create a Field Extraction Rule [here](/docs/manage/field-extractions/create-field-extraction-rule).
```

> Create a Field Extraction Rule for CloudTrail Logs. Learn how to create a Field Extraction Rule [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Field-Extractions/Create-a-Field-Extraction-Rule).

Author: This is a link to our legacy docs -- replace with current version

> Login to Sumo Logic,  go to Manage Data > Logs > Fields. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Fields#manage-fields).

Author: ```suggestion
Log in to Sumo Logic, go to **Manage Data** > **Logs** > **Fields**. Search for the “queuename” field. If not present, create it. Learn how to create and manage fields [here](https://help.sumologic.com/Manage/Fields#manage-fields).
```
